[Applause]
in Northern Gaza families are on the Run
banon sits next to the Israeli
border they're taking as much as they
can carry and flee as fast as they
can we were sitting in our house as this
woman cries they started shelling us we
went to a relative's house then they
started shelling there
Israel says its forces are searching for
tunnels used by Palestinian militants
for crossb
raids is it are there tunnels here used
by Hamas is there infrastructure why is
this area
targeted there are no
tunnels there is nothing in our area
here that is just what they want to tell
the other countries to justify
this this is one of the key areas of
their targeting the drones are in the
sky we've heard tank shells being fired
and artillery in the last hour and we've
seen families on the Run running in
every possible Direction not sure where
this military operation is going not
sure where they should go for
safety Israel says it's not targeting
civilians but more are dying
at the morg they say goodbye to
22-year-old
ammed every funeral is a moment of
public
mourning and private
grief Hamas is still firing Rockets into
Israel and we filmed Israel targeting
buildings of Hamas
leaders but Hamas vows it won't destroy
them
Le duet BBC news Gaza